{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Presentation Notes LoPy\
\

\b The problem?
\b0 \
Amazon runs analytics on webpage. They track this information for internal webpages and third party websites. They track what products are being viewed and for how long users view a page before purchase. There is not a convenient way to collect this data for retail shopping.\
\

\b Our solution?
\b0 \
We wanted to design a system that could provide this information to us but in the real world. Distance is key because we assume interest in a product if a consumer approaches further the display. We determine the direction people pass a display how long a consumer is in view of a product by the activation of the ultrasonic sensors.\
\

\b Where would we place this?
\b0 \
The LoPy device could be placed in store aisle on endcap. In retail an endcap is a display for a product placed at the end of an aisle. It is viewed frequently and gives a brand a competitive advantage. Stores often lease spots to manufacturers in a retail environment. Products placed on endcaps sell at a much faster rate than other products. Devices like this deployed around a store would be able enumerate this competitive advantage.\
\

\b What questions could it answer about consumer behavior?
\b0 \
How many people are interested in this display?\
When are people most likely to approach this display?\
Where do people go after leaving the display?\
And many other potential uses for data!\
\

\b What are the privacy implications?
\b0 \
The LoPy software was designed to only generate the presence of a personal and retains no identifiable information. Privacy is not violated by using this device.\
\

\b What data is collected?
\b0 \
Here are the table fields for CSV\
Time Code \'96 given time year, month, day, minute, and second\
Sensor ID \'96 particular ID for deployment of multiple sensors\
Time Stopped \'96 The amount of time spent in front of the sensors\
Right Passes \'96 The amount of passes from the right of the sensor\
Left Passes \'96 The amount of passes from the left of the sensor.\
\

\b Can this be expanded?
\b0 \
Multiple devices can be paired to see how people move in an entire store. This information can be correlated with additional datasets or sensors to draw extended inferences on consumer behavior. The amount of time present in given areas of interest could demonstrate how well a particular set of advertisement is doing by grabbing the attention of consumers in a store, but we might also want to see how many people purchased those products in the store after approaching the display.}